I"¿<p>At the beginning of the term, when we first met up as a group, we wanted to be as organized as possible. Quickly, we realized that there would be plenty of times throughout the term when our schedules didn‚Äôt line up and our perfectly thought out plan might not always be executed as planned. This is the reality of an agile workflow, something that we didn‚Äôt fully account for at the beginning, but a lesson that was important to learn and helped to foster growth in each of us, not just as individuals but as a group as well.</p>

<p>As each iteration passed, we simplified our expectations and learned how to set realistic deadlines. We are proud of the work we accomplished and were only able to get this all done because of the standards we held each other to regarding communication and accountability. When one group member was struggling, others found time to pick up the slack as we recognize that there will be times in life when circumstances require extra initiative. The development we made in our planning process was one of the greatest improvements in our project‚Äôs lifecycle.</p>

<p>Suprisingly, although some of our plan shifted, most of the core vision of the project stayed the same. Of the features that we had initially planned out, the only ones that had a significant change made to them were those that were implemented in iteration 3. This was not out of a lack of time, but more due to the fact that they no longer fit in our application with regards to the vision. We shifted to each of the tabs in our navigation having a separate functionality rather than having an app where each page is communicating to the next. These separate pages made our last couple features virtually impossible to implement and thus moved them to ‚ÄúIteration 4‚Äù.</p>

<p>One feature that we made a large modification to in our project was our ‚ÄúUser Profiles‚Äù feature. Originally, the concept was designed to have users that each had items they want as well as allergens and other preferences, and from there, the main user could see all the sub-users they had to shop for and modify their list accordingly. With our increasing knowledge of Git version control, we modified this to become a merge request style feature. Subusers now would add a request to the request page and label it with their name, adding below all the products that they wanted to have. The main user could now go on to the request page and approve or deny products as they see fit, or simply leave the request for later if they weren‚Äôt doing their shopping anytime soon. We found that the improvement in our branching style and organization saved us a lot of time and headache and thought that this concept could scale similarly for our application.</p>

<p>In conclusion, this project was very beneficial for all of our group members. We learned how a team operates in a real world setting, as the work distribution will not always be even, and not every person will have the same vision on how to carry out the project. Even though we had small conflicts in figuring out which direction we wanted to take an idea, or how to split up the action items, we were able to talk our way through these quarrels to deliver a final product that we could all be proud of.</p>
:ET